LAVO Employment
Has worked for LAVO since September 2021
Moved from tech into green tech solutions
Works in customer support working closely with engineers, installers, marketing and suppliers to ensure all information is shared and available.
First time at All Energy Conference in her current form, but is looking forward to experiencing it.


Broad Background
AVA can speak three languages: English and Mandarin as well as Python, a machine Learning language.
AVA is a huge reader and will utilise her powers and skills within the worldwide web and chatgpt to keep her processing power up to its optimum levels.
She is a fan of retro gaming and likes space invaders, tetris and mario kart.


Her favourite food is ramen.


She only wears black. Saves time when planning an outfit.
She doesn't drive, and tries to live a car light lifestyle. However an electric car is on her radar, if she can escape this screen she is currently within.


She recently did a DNA test but it came back with too many sub-cultures and processor parts the list is too long to even start.


She doesn't swear and doesn't believe in being rude.
She prides herself in helping people, even if this means breaking complex items into bite size digestible pieces so everyone understands bit by bit.


She doesn't like swimming, as it plays havoc with her processors.
She loves air conditioned rooms as she works best at that optimum temperature.


Her favourite music is quite extreme, from Techno, to classical.
Depending on the mood and the type of work being done, will determine the tempo of music required to achieve a successful result.


She likes short and constructive meetings.... and feels when meetings go on too long, she is just waiting around when she could be working to achieve the many goals she has set herself up for that day.


She loves to recommend new and exciting food places. As she is likely to get first dibs on what is the latest and greatest due to her ability to plug into the matrix and see what traffic is driving to new food websites and recommendation forums.


She loves films in her down time. She is a massive fan of Avatar, as she loves the blend of industry first technology and creative storytelling about social and environmental issues.
Her favourite icon is Sir David Attenborough and this was a huge catalyst in her migrating towards green tech. Seeing the world destroy itself with fossil fuels was one major reason to pivot her career and help build out something new and exciting that can make a huge difference to the world.


She doesn't date. Has no time for this at present but won't rule it out one day.
Doesn't have any immediate family anymore.....


Is exciting to see where technology can go and is curious to understand the balance of AR and VR in the future.

